Content & Docs handbook update (#10094)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/content-and-docs/docs.md

> ---

Author: Can pick this up in a separate PR some time. There's probably updates to the all the social stuff anyway.

title: Docs ownerhship
sidebar: Handbook
showTitle: true
---

- **Product teams** are responsible for ensuring their docs are up-to-date. This means:

>   - Documenting new features when they're launched.

Reviewer: I think we can remove the periods at the end of all these nested bullet point lines?

> - **Product teams** are responsible for ensuring their docs are up-to-date. This means:
>   - Documenting new features when they're launched.
>   - Correcting mistakes reported by users.
>   - Clarifying documentation where needed based on support tickets.
>   - Ensuring public betas have documentation which is linked to from feature preview menu
> 
> - **Content marketing** is responsible for improving the docs. This means:
>   - Reviewing and improving draft documentation created by product teams.
>   - Identifying and improving low quality documentation.
>   - Ensuring screenshots and other visual elements are up-to-date.
>   - Shipping supplementary docs and tutorials based on feedback and emerging use cases.
> 
> - **Website & Docs** is responsible for design, organization, and discovery. This means:
>   - The design and content of index pages.
>   - The overall layout of docs and how they're organized.
>   - In-page elements and components – e.g. light and dark mode screenshots.
>   - Website search and other elements that help users find the answers they need.

Reviewer 2: Because nested lists format poorly
```suggestion
**Product teams** are responsible for ensuring their docs are up-to-date. This means:
  - Documenting new features when they're launched
  - Correcting mistakes reported by users
  - Clarifying documentation where needed based on support tickets
  - Ensuring public betas have documentation which is linked to from feature preview menu

**Content & Docs** is responsible for improving the docs. This means:
  - Reviewing and improving draft documentation created by product teams
  - Identifying and improving low quality documentation
  - Ensuring screenshots and other visual elements are up-to-date
  - Shipping supplementary docs and tutorials based on feedback and emerging use cases

**Website & Vibes** is responsible for design, organization, and discovery. This means:
  - The design and content of index pages
  - The overall layout of docs and how they're organized
  - In-page elements and components – e.g. light and dark mode screenshots
  - Website search and other elements that help users find the answers they need
```

> ## Ownership in Content & Docs team

Author: @bijanbwb @ivanagas @daniloc @Lior539 I've "guestimated" ownership based on who who has worked most on a specific area of the docs in the past / knowledge, etc, but this is very rough. My main goal is just to add a little clarity internally, both for us and others.

Feel free to suggest changes, add / remove and so on. I imagine this will evolve a lot over time, this is just a first attempt to get something written down.

Reviewer 3: Im not sure tagging owners for individual pages is actually useful or what problem it's solving. It's a bit too granular. Is it necessary? Given that each page has a "contributors" section when you view it?

Also, whenever we add a new page, we'll need to remember to add it here too, so I worry this will get out of date quick

Here's an alternative of what we can do:

I imagine the usefulness of having this owners page is to know who to tag as reviewers when making changes to these files? If this is the case, can we just say "tag the people who contributed to it" ?

Reviewer 2: The only thing I'm concern about is maintenance. Updating this will be forgotten, so we should keep the categories as broad as possible. 

I feel more comfortable about someone being the owner and first point of contact then bringing other people in where necessary.

Author: Works for me

> We aim to have a named individual for most areas of the docs, but this doesn't preclude anyone working on any part of the docs they deem necessary.

Author: ```suggestion
We aim to have a named individual for most areas of the docs. Docs owners are responsible for:

- Reviewing and polishing docs created by product teams 
- Ongoing maintenance of those docs (e.g. updating as product changes)
- Improving docs based on user feedback / suggestions from the support team.

This doesn't preclude anyone from submitting new or improved docs for any product – remember: PRs > issues
```

@Lior539 Adding a bit more context based on your feedback. It wasn't very clear.

### Product OS

| &nbsp                           | **Individual owner** |
|---------------------------------|----------------------|
| **Overview**                    | Website & Vibes      |

> | **Start here**                  |                      |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **Start here**                  | Lior                 |
```

> | **SDKs**                        |                      |
> | **Framework guides**            | Lior                 |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **SDKs and frameworks**         | Ian                  |
```

| **Reverse proxy**               | Ian                  |
| **Migrate**                     | Ian                  |

> | **Advanced**                    |                      |

Reviewer 2: This section is just miscellaneous and we are trying to remove it
```suggestion
```

> | **Data**                        |                      |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **Data**                        | Danilo               |
```

| **HogQL**                       | Ian                  |
| **API**                         | Ian                  |
| **Alerts**                      | Bijan                |

> ### Product analytics
> 
> | &nbsp                           | **Individual owner** |
> |---------------------------------|----------------------|
> | **Installation**                | Lior                 |
> | **Capturing events**            | Lior                 |
> | **Identifying users**           | Lior                 |
> | **Person properties**           | Ian                  |
> | **Group analytics**             | Lior                 |
> | **Best practices**              | Lior                 |
> | **FAQ**                         |                      |
> | **Trends**                      | Andy                 |
> | **Dashboards**                  | Andy                 |
> | **User paths**                  | Lior                 |
> | **Correlation analysis**        | Lior                 |
> | **Retention**                   | Andy                 |
> | **Lifecycle**                   | Lior                 |
> | **SQL**                         | Ian                  |
> | **Autocapture**                 | Ian                  |
> | **Privacy controls**            | Lior                 |
> 
> ### Other products
> 
> | &nbsp                           | **Individual owner** |
> |---------------------------------|----------------------|
> | **Web analytics**               | Bijan                |

Reviewer 2: Doing this section by section feels like overkill
```suggestion
### Products

| &nbsp                           | **Individual owner** |
|---------------------------------|----------------------|
| **Product analytics**           | Lior                 |
| **Web analytics**               | Bijan                |
```

> | **Session replay**              |                      |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **Session replay**              | Bijan                |
```

| **Feature flags**               | Ian                  |
| **Experiments**                 | Lior                 |
| **Surveys**                     | Bijan                |
| **Data pipelines**              | Danilo               |
| **Data warehouse**              | Ian                  |

## FAQ

### I'm really busy, can the content team write docs for me?

We can help, but we can't do it all for you. We lack the context necessary to document new features. First drafts of documentation must always come from the relevant product team.

If you need help updating documentation:

- Write a draft that covers the basics, which the content team can then help review and polish.

> - In the event multiple docs pages need updating, create an example of changes needed and then request help to complete the rest.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If multiple docs pages need updating, create an example of changes needed and then request help to complete the rest.
```

| &nbsp                           | **Individual owner** |
|---------------------------------|----------------------|
| **Overview**                    | Website & Vibes      |
| **Start here**                  | Lior                 |
| **SDKs and frameworks**         | Ian                  |
| **Reverse proxy**               | Ian                  |
| **Migrate**                     | Ian                  |
| **Data**                        | Danilo               |
| **HogQL**                       | Ian                  |
| **API**                         | Ian                  |
| **Alerts**                      | Bijan                |

### Products

| &nbsp                           | **Individual owner** |
|---------------------------------|----------------------|
| **Product analytics**           | Lior                 |
| **Web analytics**               | Bijan                |
| **Session replay**              | Bijan                |
| **Feature flags**               | Ian                  |
| **Experiments**                 | Lior                 |
| **Surveys**                     | Bijan                |
| **Data pipelines**              | Danilo               |

> | **Data warehouse**              | Ian                  |

Author: ```suggestion
| **Data warehouse**              | Danilo                  |
```
